Update the homepage (index) to better reflect the current project as it is (#19)
artefactual/artefactual.github.io: docs/index.rst

   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

========
Welcome!
========

Welcome to the Contributors Portal for Access to Memory (AtoM),
Archivematica and Enduro.

At `Artefactual <https://www.artefactual.com>`__, we are currently

> working on improving the contribution process, and we deemed useful

Reviewer: - "we deemed it useful" (need the "it" in there)
- "to have a Portal to group relevant information" (not regroup)

> working on improving the contribution process, and we deemed useful

Author: ```suggestion
working on improving the contribution process, and we deemed it useful
```

> to have a Portal to regroup relevant information for our main

Author: ```suggestion
to have a Portal to group relevant information for our main
```

software projects.

This Portal was first created in May 2024. It is maintained as a 
`GitHub repo <https://www.github.com/artefactual/artefactual.github.io>`__.

Suggestions for this Portal are welcome - you can either `open an issue <https://www.github.com/artefactual/artefactual.github.io/issues>`__
or `send us an email <mailto:contributors@artefactual.com>`__.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Contents:
   
   cheatsheet.rst
   dependencies.rst
   i18n.rst
   

> The :doc:`Cheatsheet <cheatsheet>`, is a table of links for each

Reviewer: no need for the comma after the link

> The :doc:`Cheatsheet <cheatsheet>`, is a table of links for each

Author: ```suggestion
The :doc:`Cheatsheet <cheatsheet>` is a table of links for each
```

of the projects we maintain.

> The page :doc:`Dependencies <dependencies>` is a set of notes on

Reviewer: I'd suggest saying "The Dependencies page" rather than "The page Dependencies"

Also, non-developers and/or new developers may find this sentence unclear, since it mainly just repeats the word dependencies without explaining what that is. I would suggest instead something that defines it a bit more? For example: 

```
The :doc:`Dependencies <dependencies>` page is a list of external projects and code libraries used by the applications we maintain. 
```

> The page :doc:`Dependencies <dependencies>` is a set of notes on

Author: ```suggestion
The :doc:`Dependencies <dependencies>` page is a list of external
projects and code libraries used by the applications we maintain. 
```

> dependencies of the projects we maintain.

Author: ```suggestion
```

The :doc:`Internationalization <i18n>` page contains information related to

> the current state of the translation process for AtoM and for Archivematica.

Reviewer: not necessary, but could just say "our projects" rather than listing AtoM and Archivematica - hopefully we will add i18n support for Enduro in the future, and/or we will list other projects on that page, and this way you won't have to update this index page.

> the current state of the translation process for AtoM and for Archivematica.

Author: ```suggestion
the current state of the translation process for our projects.
```
